[원문: indonesian]
“Info Pak Dirkrimum, sudah ada tambahan penetapan tersangka, direktur dan komisarisnya,” sebut Kombes Jansen.
“Sudah kita mintakan data. Nanti kalau ada info kita teruskan ya,” sambungnya.
Jansen sebelumnya menjelaskan alasan Sarnanitha tak kunjung mendapat penahanan karena masih berstatus sebagai saksi.
“Sementara berproses. Masih berproses untuk segera mendapatkan kepastian hukum,” tambah Jansen.
Kabar teranyar, Sarnanitha membantah dirinya menjadi pemilik Flame Spa sebagaimana diberitakan publik.
Flame Spa disebutkan milik Ricky suami Sarnanitha yang disebutkan merupakan warga negara asing asal Australia.
Untuk diketahui, penggerebekan Flame Spa ini dilakukan Direktorat Reserse Kriminal Umum (Ditreskrimum) Polda Bali pada Senin (2/9/2024). Tiga perempuan ditangkap dalam penggerebekan itu. Ketiga orang tersebut merupakan karyawan Flame Spa, satu manajer dan dua resepsionis.

[번역문: english]
"According to information from the Director of Criminal Investigation, there has been an additional determination of suspects, specifically the director and the commissioner," said Police Grand Commissioner Jansen.
"We have requested the data. If there is any further information we will pass it along," he added.
Jansen previously explained that Sarnanitha has not yet been detained because she is still considered a witness.
"The process is ongoing. It is still in the process of obtaining legal certainty," added Jansen.
In the latest news, Sarnanitha has denied being the owner of Flame Spa as reported by the public.
Flame Spa is said to be owned by Ricky the husband of Sarnanitha who is reported to be a foreign national from Australia.
For your information, the raid on Flame Spa was conducted by the Directorate of General Criminal Investigation (Ditreskrimum) of the Bali Regional Police on Monday (2/9/2024). Three women were arrested during the raid. The three individuals are employees of Flame Spa, including one manager and two receptionists.

[GPT 분석 결과]
[GPT 분석 결과]
- 정책 준수 여부: 아니오
- 검토할 내용:
    - 날짜 표기 오류: 날짜가 "Monday (2/9/2024)"로 표기되어 있으나, 미국 영어 날짜 형식에 따라 "Monday, September 2, 2024"로 표기되어야 합니다.
    - 숫자 표기 오류: 없음
    - 통화 표기 오류: 없음
